[Migration] Implement testing section and add two excel samples (#887)
OfficeDev/Office-Add-in-samples: Samples/excel-add-in-chart-analyze-data/README.md

# Analyze Excel data with charts

<img src="./assets/thumbnail.png" width="800" alt="A workbook with tables and charts generated by the add-in.">

> This sample Excel add-in shows how to use charts to help analyze data.
> 
> ## Features
> 
> - Insert sample data into tables and ranges.
> - Use charts features, such as formatting, trend lines, and top-value calculations, to help with data analysis.

Reviewer: How does this sound?
```suggestion
This sample Excel add-in shows how to use charts to help analyze data. You'll learn how to:

- Create charts to visualize data.
- Display trends and correlations.
- Highlight top values in a chart series.
```

# Use the Excel Chart APIs to analyze data

<img src="./assets/thumbnail.png" width="800" alt="A workbook with tables and charts generated by the add-in.">

This sample add-in shows how to use the Excel chart APIs to analyze data.

## Features

- Insert sample data into tables and ranges.

> - Use charts features, such as formatting, trend lines, and top-value calculations, to help with data analysis.

Author: Agree on this. Can you give a suggestion edit on this? Not sure whether you want a new section or just rewrite the Features section.

> - Use charts features, such as formatting, trend lines, and top-value calculations, to help with data analysis.

Reviewer: Added a suggestion above.

1. **Preview Your Office Add-in (F5)**

    Select **Preview Your Office Add-in(F5)** to launch the add-in and debug the code. In the drop down menu, select the option **Desktop (Edge Chromium)**.

    <img src="./assets/devkit_preview.png" width="500" alt="The 'Preview your Office Add-in' option in the Office Add-ins Development Kit's task pane."/>

    The extension checks that the prerequisites are met before debugging starts. The terminal will alert you to any issues with your environment. After this process, the Excel desktop application launches and opens a new workbook with the sample add-in sideloaded. The add-in automatically opens as well.

1. **Stop Previewing Your Office Add-in**

    Once you are finished testing and debugging the add-in, select **Stop Previewing Your Office Add-in**. This closes the web server and removes the add-in from the registry and cache.

## Use the sample add-in

1. Select the **Add Sample data** button to import sample sales figures. This adds a new table to a worksheet named "Sample".
1. Select the **Sales in different locations** button. This adds a new chart that uses the sample data.

> 1. Select the **Reverse vertical axis order** button. This reverses the vertical axis order on the chart.

Author: Rename to **Invert Axis Direction**
